VCST-3336: Add WebContactId property to Contact2 model (#274)
VirtoCommerce/vc-module-customer: samples/VirtoCommerce.CustomerSampleModule.Web/README.md

## Features
This module includes the following features:

> * Extends the Contact model by adding a new property, JobTitle and WebContactId.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Extends the Contact model by adding new properties: JobTitle and WebContactId.
```

* Introduces a new entity, Supplier.

> * Demonstrates how to create a new event hander: WebContactIdInitializationHandler.

Reviewer: There is no WebContactIdInitializationHandler
